English documentation hackathon (#761)
contao/docs: docs/manual/core-extensions/faq/faq-management.en.md

weight: 10
---

> The FAQ management is a separate module in the backend, which you can find in the group "Contents". There you can create several categories, which contain the individual questions. By using multiple categories you can group FAQs by topic, language or website (multi-domain operation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The FAQ management is a separate module in the back end, which you can find in the group "Contents". There you can create several categories, which contain the individual questions. By using multiple categories you can group FAQs by topic, language or website (multi-domain operation).
```

### Comments

> You already know the Contao comment function from the "News/Blog" extension or the content element with the same name [(Comments)](/en/article-management/content-elements/#comments). It is also available for FAQs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You already know the Contao comment function from the "News/Blog" extension or the content element with the same name [(Comments)](../../../article-management/content-elements/#comments). It is also available for FAQs.
```

**Enable comments:** Here you can activate the comment function for the category.

**Notification to:** Here you determine whether the system administrator, the author of a question, or both are notified when new comments are posted.

**Sorting:** Here you define the order of the comments.

**Comments per page:** Here you can set the number of comments per page. Contao automatically creates a page break when it is needed.

> **Moderate comments:** If you select this option, comments will not appear on the website immediately, but only after you have approved them in the backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Moderate comments:** If you select this option, comments will not appear on the website immediately, but only after you have approved them in the back end.
```

> **Allow BBCode:** If you select this option, your visitors can use [BBCode](https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/BBCode) to format their comments. The following tags are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Allow BBCode:** If you select this option, your visitors can use [BBCode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/BBCode) to format their comments. The following tags are supported:
```

**caption:** Here you can enter a caption.

### Attachments

> Attachments are files that are linked to an FAQ. These files are offered for download in the frontend module "FAQ reader".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attachments are files that are linked to an FAQ. These files are offered for download in the front end module "FAQ reader".
```

**Disable comments:** Here you deactivate the comment function for a question.

### Publication

> As long as an FAQ is not published, it will not be displayed in the frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As long as an FAQ is not published, it will not be displayed in the front end.
```
